welcome guys episode 287 of Minecraft
and i'm using the battle craft mod okay
and here is my bills servant now he
belongs to the orange tribe and there
are 16 different colors or tribes you
can have basically the colored wool
blocks decide how many you can have so I
used this this is how you create it you
need to orange wool and one stick like
so okay so that's how you create the
orange banner now once you place down
the orange banner you need to have some
iron ingots to create some coins now I
already have 629 coins so basically one
iron ingot gives you ten coins now if
you place and collect all that I have 60
coins you place it down in your
inventory disappears and adds on to your
600 and now i have 689 coins and let's
go spawn Dolph action now these are
really inexpensive now this is a levy
hunter and we can also have a kind of
like a spear throwing crazy man and I
haven't experimented with the hunter yet
so we're going to spawn one now you can
level these guys up in it always has to
rain and you can right-click these guys
and you can give them some commands so
you can do their following commands by
guarding this permission following you
and wander around looking for monsters
now these need to level up this is his
level up bar and this is his health bar
now unfortunately at the very low levels
these guys are extremely weak and only
can take or kill like two zombies and
then they die so it's a rather very I'm
you have to be with them at all times
and feed them bread so while let's go
and make them fight some stuff okay
there we go and he's already injured and
I had to quickly heal him with delicious
bread and if we go near him there we go
his XP goes up and then we have to
process of spawning mores on
bees and leveling him him up let's see
no I don't want you to die don't die
there we go lucky and now he's halfway
I'm level XP and let's go I'll
fast-forward this bit and let's see what
happens when you can rank him up all
right now you can see that he's walking
back to his position because he was
guarding this area and he saw in monster
so he went off duty and all he stayed on
duty and destroyed the monster and the
starting standing guard was shooting
arrows and when he is flashing I'm gonna
feed him some bread so we'd be flashing
blue and green and you can upgrade him
so you can click on him and you can make
him a foot man so he gets better armor
and basically here his stats maximum
health attack speed and special he can
block alright so you need three coins so
it's fairly inexpensive now I'm going to
proceed to do this again and let's see
what we can level him up to again
you
there we go now he is fighting the last
zombie and there we goes walking back to
his position where he where is your
position there we go and that let's rank
you up there we go there we go now you
can also make him in and now this is
where it gets a little bit difficult I'm
you can change him into a swordman they
have a man in an ax men and basically it
changes what it can do now it can shield
block he's special it basically changes
his special and it is caught and it is
unrequired five coins to upgrade so I'm
gonna make him an ax men because it
looks like a beast dual wielding axes
like a crazy man there we go oh you got
old cape going on there buddy and you
know I love these little hats I wish I
could have one huh I think I might buy
one off ebay that's awesome ok now you
can check out his stats now he has 35
health and eight attack damage and eight
speak now there's a thirty-three percent
chance of critical damage and basically
you can do whatever you want with him
and you're gonna follow me that's what
you're gonna do follow me and I'm gonna
spawn you some spider spiders there we
go silly Billy now we're gonna spawn
more always spell spawn let's see if you
can duel five no he's gonna die no no no
no no I'm gonna heal you there we go
they're all happy you're all happy
little boy there we go good job and that
was the final stage of your God so he's
a dual wheel wielding badass and you
have to feed him constantly bread I'm
gonna feed myself some bread cuz I'm a
little bit hungry and the XP bar does
not go up because it only goes up to
three levels now it is very much working
progress now it states in the thread
that there he will involve more castles
enemies battles different factions which
I think this is going this will be a
very promising mod along with the tale
of kingdoms
operation I reckon this will be an
awesome mod so what thank you guys for
watching don't forget to rate comment
and subscribe and we're going to take
out those little skeletons come here
take him out there we go good job that's
right you're my personal bitch I give
battle craft and eight out of ten fruit
loops simply because it's so unique and
the way it's done the interface this
interface is really nicely done the
leveling up system the only thing that
could be a little bit better is I'm
having more health on because you have
to be really with them and protecting
them when they're fighting zombies so
you can't really let them loose on the
wild minecraft world but another than
that it is a really awesome art and I
really enjoyed it enter from the looks
of things there are a lot of planned
features so I think this would be a very
interesting mod to keep your eye on